Internally convert non-TET4/10 mesh elements in MoabSkinner (#1353)
neams-th-coe/cardinal: doc/content/source/userobjects/MoabSkinner.md

You can visualize this user object (i.e., the bin
indices) using a [SpatialUserObjectAux](SpatialUserObjectAux.md).

### Supported Mesh Element Types

`MoabSkinner` natively supports meshes consisting of TET4 and TET10 elements, since DAGMC
geometry requires triangulated surfaces (i.e. skins of tetrahedra). Meshes containing HEX, PYRAMID, PRISM
elements are also supported: when these elements are detected, an internal all-TET4 copy of
the mesh is built automatically, and all skinning
and geometry operations are performed on that copy. The original MOOSE mesh is never
modified; temperature, density, and subdomain binning are always evaluated on the original

> mesh where the auxiliary variables live. Higher orders of these elements types are also supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mesh where the auxiliary variables live. Higher order versions of these element types are also supported.
```
